I remember how my childhood floated by. I only wish
that I knew that poem that Miss Kenny said one
children's day. Backward turn, backward, old
time of your flight. Make me a child just for
tonight. I'd like so very much to remember and
recall Many of the happy hours of my childhood life
spent along the mighty Perth and Alice. To some
people, it is just a trickle of water flowing down
through the peaceful hills. But to me and to others
who live on it, it has been a revealing pleasure of
life and nature. in its best and its worst. The most
pleasant hours of my life have been spent along
this river. And I enjoy it. It would be nice to say
that when my day's work is done and I've met the call
from the other side, I would be permitted to put my
feet down on the banks of the Perdomales.
I was born in 1905,
about a mile from where Lyndon was born. in much the
same structure house. The only difference in our
house in Linden's, we had boxed up, or my father
did, an end on the front porch and he had also boxed
up the end on the north porch. The end on the north
porch is where my mother would do her washing and it
was a a pantry like things we kept our canned foods
our dirty clothes basket and our washing tub and
rug board and my mother used to soak her clothes at
night in the tub in order that they wouldn't be so
hard to wash the next day she'd always soak them
overnight and then there's where she would in this
little shed rooms where she soaked And the little
shed room out on the south porch was where my Uncle
Jesse would always sleep. He was a veteran of the
Civil War, and he had a wooden leg. He was a very
accomplished musician. And I can look back now and
remember the beautiful stories that he would
tell. me of his childhood in georgia and then as he
came to alabama and then on to texas i only wish that
i had been a little more patient and listened a
little closer but children don't think of those
things at that time if it's something that
interests them they'll listen if it isn't they're
up and gone but black people always did intrigued
me and he would tell me about how they would go out in
the cane patch and how they would sing and how he
enjoyed singing with them and working with them
and he said they were the best cooks in the world and
I believe he must be right because they are good
cooks.
I enjoyed every minute of my time with Uncle Jesse.
Of course, I know I was quite a little, well, scamp,
as he called me one time. I didn't know what scamp
was, but my mother explained it to me. But I would,
my father had an old A colleague of mine by the name
of Tim McConaughey stayed and worked with us a lot
of time. And Tim says, now that Uncle Jesse stomps
that wooden leg, gets at you and runs you through
this house, you just start singing. Donna's got a
wooden leg laid away. Donna's got a meat skin laid
away. Greaves that wooden leg twice a day. And it
had several verses to it. It said, you'll get him
stopped. He won't teach you anymore. But that
didn't work. Uncle Jesse would stomp that one leg
and start out after me. And I'll tell you, I made
tracks down that trail. I didn't waste any time.
But it was a pleasure of an afternoon. We'd always
have to go down and let the cow in from the pasture,
which is about 200 yards from the house down a
trail. And oh, I don't know, seemed like the
flowers then were so much brighter. The colors
were so much prettier. And they were just
naturally larger, seems to me. I'm sure they were
not, but that's the way it seems. he would stop and
tell me the name of every flower that we pass and
he'd explain it to me and and you know that takes a
lot of patience to fool with a kid like that but i but
i learned to love flowers i learned to appreciate
them